Documentation update + Nan wrapper (#358)
hill-a/stable-baselines: docs/guide/checking_nan.rst

`IEEE Standard for Floating-Point Arithmetic (IEEE 754) <https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/4610935>`_ standard, as it says:

.. note::
    Five possible exceptions can occur:
        - Invalid operation (:math:`\sqrt{-1}`, :math:`\inf \times 1`, :math:`\text{NaN}\ \mathrm{mod}\ 1`, ...) return NaN
        - Division by zero:
            - if the operand is not zero (:math:`1/0`, :math:`-2/0`, ...) returns :math:`\pm\inf`
            - if the operand is zero (:math:`0/0`) returns signaling NaN
        - Overflow (exponent too high to represent) returns :math:`\pm\inf`
        - Underflow (exponent too low to represent) returns :math:`0`
        - Inexact (not representable exactly in base 2, eg: :math:`1/5`) returns the rounded value (ex: :code:`assert (1/5) * 3 == 0.6000000000000001`)

And of these, only ``Division by zero`` will signal an exception, the rest will propagate invalid values quietly.

In python, dividing by zero will indeed raise the exception: ``ZeroDivisionError: float division by zero``,
but ignores the rest.

The default in numpy, will warn: ``RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered``
but will not halt the code.

> And the worst of all, Tensorflow will not signal anything

Reviewer: dammit ^^

Author: yeah, this one shocked me, div zero not being a problem at all

.. code-block:: python

  import tensorflow as tf
  import numpy as np

  print("tensorflow test:")

  a = tf.constant(1.0)
  b = tf.constant(0.0)
  c = a / b

  sess = tf.Session()
  val = sess.run(c)  # this will be quiet
  print(val)
  sess.close()

  print("\r\nnumpy test:")

  a = np.float64(1.0)
  b = np.float64(0.0)
  val = a / b  # this will warn
  print(val)

  print("\r\npure python test:")

  a = 1.0
  b = 0.0
  val = a / b  # this will raise an exception and halt.
  print(val)

>  Unfortunalty, most of the floating point operations are handled by Tensorflow and numpy,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Unfortunately, most of the floating point operations are handled by Tensorflow and numpy,
```

 meaning you might get little to no warning when a invalid value occurs.

Numpy parameters
----------------

> Numpy has a convenient ways of dealing with invalid value: `numpy.seterr <https://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy/reference/generated/numpy.seterr.html>`_,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Numpy has a convenient way of dealing with invalid value: `numpy.seterr <https://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy/reference/generated/numpy.seterr.html>`_,
```

which defines for the python process, how it should handle floating point error.

.. code-block:: python

  import numpy as np

  np.seterr(all='raise')  # define before your code.

  print("numpy test:")

  a = np.float64(1.0)
  b = np.float64(0.0)
  val = a / b  # this will now raise an exception instead of a warning.
  print(val)

but this will also avoid overflow issues on floating point numbers:

.. code-block:: python

  import numpy as np

  np.seterr(all='raise')  # define before your code.

  print("numpy overflow test:")

  a = np.float64(10)
  b = np.float64(1000)
  val = a ** b  # this will now raise an exception
  print(val)

but will not avoid the propagation issues:

.. code-block:: python

  import numpy as np

  np.seterr(all='raise')  # define before your code.

  print("numpy propagation test:")

  a = np.float64('NaN')
  b = np.float64(1.0)
  val = a + b  # this will neither warn nor raise anything
  print(val)

VecCheckNan Wrapper
-------------------

> In order to find when and from where the invalid value originated from, Stable-baselines comes with a ``VecCheckNan`` wrapper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to find when and from where the invalid value originated from, stable-baselines comes with a ``VecCheckNan`` wrapper.
```

or `Stable-Baselines` ?

          self.action_space = spaces.Box(low=-np.inf, high=np.inf, shape=(1,), dtype=np.float64)
          self.observation_space = spaces.Box(low=-np.inf, high=np.inf, shape=(1,), dtype=np.float64)

      def step(self, _action):
          randf = np.random.rand()
          if randf > 0.99:
              obs = float('NaN')
          elif randf > 0.98:
              obs = float('inf')
          else:
              obs = randf
          return [obs], 0.0, False, {}

      def reset(self):
          return [0.0]

      def render(self, mode='human', close=False):
          pass

  # Create environment
  env = DummyVecEnv([lambda: NanAndInfEnv()])
  env = VecCheckNan(env, raise_exception=True)

  # Instantiate the agent
  model = PPO2('MlpPolicy', env)

  # Train the agent
  model.learn(total_timesteps=int(2e5))  # this will crash explaining that the invalid value originated from the environment.

RL Model hyperparameters
------------------------

Depending on your hyperparameters, NaN can occurs much more often.
A great example of this: https://github.com/hill-a/stable-baselines/issues/340

Be aware, the hyperparameters given by default seem to work in most cases,

> however your environment might not play nice with the default hyperparameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
however your environment might not play nice with them.
```

> If this is the case, try to read up on the affect each hyperparameters has on the model,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is the case, try to read up on the effect each hyperparameters has on the model,
```

Author: i'm never sure about this one:
"it is affecting the effect"
so yes it is the effect the hyperparameters on the system

Reviewer: "If so, try to find out how each hyperparameter affects the model," ?

> so that you can try and tune them to get a stable model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so that you can try and tune them to get a stable model. Alternatively, you can try automatic hyperparameter tuning (included in the rl zoo).
```

Missing values from datasets
----------------------------

> If your environment is generated from an external dataset, do not forget to make sure you datasets do not contain NaNs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your environment is generated from an external dataset, do not forget to make sure your dataset does not contain NaNs.
```
